hw.txt 
Michael (Jiashu) Zhou 
HW7 
804 663 317 

1. The network is still secure. Anyone who
intercepts the data would only obtain the encrypted bytes across the network.
Because the other team do not have access to the private keys, they cannot
decrypt the intercepted encrypted bytes. Therefore, since the data cannot be
decrypted, the network is still secure.

	1） If assumed the other teams had also tapped keyboards and had observed all
	of our keystrokes, they still cannot obtain the private key, because that is
	generated randomly and independent of the keystrokes. However, the other
	team can still see what we have typed for the user name and password.
	Therefore, they can obtain the private key to decrypt the data, meaning that
	if an attacker has access to the computer, the private key may potentially
	be accessed with a passphrase.

	2) Yes, if the other teams had access to the USB with the system files to be
	booted from, they could have direct access to the .ssh files, and obtain the
	private key, thus enabling them to decipher any intercepted bytes.

2. The gpg --verify command can only verify wheterh the target file and the
detached signature match, but it cannot prove that the file is obtained from the
original source. This only proves that the detached signature and received
message are of the same source, but does not confirm the legitimacy of the
sender or that the file was truly made by the intended source. For example, if
one pretends to be another person to send message digest algorithm to the third
person, the third person will not be able to know wheather it is the pretended
person or the original expected source who sent the message.

To resolve the problem, we need to prove the true origin of the document. To
truly confirm and verify the original author, the first public key must be
confirmed to be authentic. This can be verified by a third party rganization
such as certificate authority (CA) to verify the identity of the sender based on
their issued digital certificate. The public key must be confirmed to be
authentic, and the ownership of the public key must belong to the named subject
of the certificates.
